[Durable Objects] Restructuring Hibernatable WebSockets API + minor changes (#13057)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/durable-objects/reference/graphql-analytics.md

Durable Object metrics are powered by GraphQL.

> The data sets that include Durable Object metrics include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The datasets that include Durable Object metrics include:
```

- `durableObjectsInvocationsAdaptiveGroups`
- `durableObjectsPeriodicGroups`
- `durableObjectsStorageGroups`
- `durableObjectsSubrequestsAdaptiveGroups`

> Use [GraphQL Introspection](/analytics/graphql-api/features/discovery/introspection/) to get information on the fields exposed by each data sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [GraphQL Introspection](/analytics/graphql-api/features/discovery/introspection/) to get information on the fields exposed by each datasets.
```

  }
```

> Refer to the [Querying Workers Metrics with GraphQL](/analytics/graphql-api/tutorials/querying-workers-metrics/) tutorial for authentication and to learn more about querying Workers data sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Querying Workers Metrics with GraphQL](/analytics/graphql-api/tutorials/querying-workers-metrics/) tutorial for authentication and to learn more about querying Workers datasets.
```
